THE HUSBAND
PRODUCTION SUPPORTED BY:
KOREA COMMUNICATIONS DEVELOPMENT FUND.
KOREA MEDIA AND COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION.
KOREA COMMUNICATIONS AGENCY
THIS SERIES IS FICTITIOUS
CHILDREN WERE FILMED SAFELY
GEN AI WAS USED IN SELECT SCENES
That's how you can make
the most effective use of it.
So. to summarize. don't place the subject
in the dead center of the frame.
Instead. divide the screen into thirds
both horizontally and vertically
and place the subject
at the intersections. That way…
EXAMPLE OF BALANCED COMPOSITION
…you can get a much more
balanced and beautiful photo.
The same goes for landscape photos.
Okay. your assignment is
to take three photos each
using the rule of thirds
by our next class.
Okay. that's it for today.
Great job. everyone.
[students] Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Great class today.
- [chuckles] Thank you.
[inhales deeply] By the way. honey.
where should we go for our vacation?
[sucks teeth] That's a great question.
What about Sokcho?
- Sokcho?
- Yeah.
Ah.
That'd be great.
When we go. we should stop by
the birch forest in Inje.
- I'm surprised you remember that.
- [Gyeongmin laughs] Of course. I remember.
It was the first trip
we ever took together as a couple.
Ah. We were so cute and young back then.
Hey. come on now.
You're just as cute as you were back then.
- [Gyeongmin chuckles]
- You're even cuter now.
- Come on. what's going on with you?
- [both chuckle]
Seriously.
[chuckling] My gosh.
- [gasps] Whoa.
- [tires screech]
[honking horn]
[tires screech]
- What the heck?
- What was that?
61K 9024
[horns honking]
BABY ON BOARD
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine. [exhales heavily]
[Suhyeong] Geez. seriously…
- [brakes squeal]
- [tires screech]
- [Gyeongmin gasps]
- What's wrong with him?
- [brakes squeal]
- [tires screech]
- [Gyeongmin gasps]
- Oh! I think he's doing this on purpose.
Honey. let's just be on our way. Okay?
That little…
- [tires screech]
- [Gyeongmin] Oh!
- Crazy bastard.
- What's wrong with him?
Damn it.
- I'll be right back. okay?
- Okay…
Honey.
LEE SUHYEONG
NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY
Sir.
Why did you do that just now?
Uh… I just… I…
Tailgating. sudden braking.
erratic lane changes.
You just violated Article 19.
Clauses 3 and 4 of the Road Traffic Act.
I'm sorry.
What? [scoffs]
[sighs]
Since you apologized.
I'll let you off with a warning this time.
Don't let this happen again.
[sighs]
139S 2616
[♪ ominous music playing]
[chuckles]
THE HUSBAND
- [brakes squeal]
- [tires screeching]
No!
No! [panting]
No.
It's as if you're begging me to kill her.
[breathing heavily]
Wait. what was the guy's name?
Whatever. he's already dead anyway.
What matters is the three billion won!
I almost had it!
Kang Taeju. you prick.
Just you wait.
I'm going to make sure
she dies a slow. painful death.
[tires screech]
[♪ tense music playing]
STAIRWELL
FIRE DOOR. KEEP CLOSED
DO NOT PLACE OBJECTS
NEAR FIRE DOOR
HEALTH CARE CENTER
[lock beeps]
"Male."
"In his forties."
"Ma Seongyeon.
Kim Duchan.
Heo Jaeil…"
"Feels like legs are being shocked…"
BUTTON
Okay. thank you.
Found you.
Ms. Ko. it's all over!
[grunts]
Goddamn it!
[groans]
[screams]
"Heo Jaeil."
He came in with minor symptoms.
[inhales sharply]
And he never came back.
The question is. why?
[gasps]
[Mr. Noh] Ms. Ko!
Ms. Ko!
[wind whistling]
Where are you going?
[panting]
Ms. Ko!
EMR ACCESS LOG
EMR SECURITY ALERT
ACCESSED FROM CHAIRWOMAN'S
OFFICE BY KANG TAEJU
- ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
- ♪ Happy birthday. dear Hayun ♪
- Whoo! Go on. blow it out!
- Whoo! Come on! Blow it out!
[both cheer]
Good job!
One. two. three.
- Cheese!
- Cheese.
[♪ sentimental music playing]
[blows. slurps]
"Access from chairwoman's office
by Kang Taeju."
That Kang Taeju?
[♪ tense music playing]
Damn it. man.
Over here!
- Hello.
- Where's Kang right now?
He was in the chairwoman's office
about ten minutes ago.
The suspect's armed.
so get yourself to safety.
- Okay. got it.
- Second floor. Locate the office first.
- Sir.
- Let's go! Move it!
- [Dosik] Get to the second floor!
- Yes. sir!
- [Hyeonsu] To the second floor. Move it.
- Yes. sir.
- [Hyeonsu] Move it already!
- Yes. sir!
[police officer] Second floor.
- We'll go to the chairwoman's office.
- Okay.
- You go to Kang's office.
- Roger that.
- Get moving.
- Yes. sir.
Move.
This way. sir.
Myeonghui. p-please don't make a sound.
[♪ tense music playing]
[Mr. Noh] Ms. Ko.
You're tired. right?
Ms. Ko. aren't you cold?
You're going to catch a cold!
- Choi. check out that room.
- Yes. sir.
- Nothing?
- He's not here.
Not here.
DIRECTOR KANG TAEJU
- Any luck?
- Negative.
Search the rest of the rooms
on the second floor.
- Get a move on.
- Yes. sir.
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH
CONSULTATION ROOM
[groans]
[winces] Damn it.
Ms. Ko. I'm not mad yet. Okay?
But if you keep this up.
I'm going to get really mad!
[panting]
Damn.
Okay. look. I'm sorry for yelling.
I just don't want you to catch a cold.
Ms. Ko.
Stop hiding from me!
Ms. Ko!
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH
CONSULTATION ROOM
[Dosik] Gosh.
Sorry to bother you.
I'm with the police.
Oh.
How can I help you?
Have you seen Dr. Kang Taeju at all?
Dr. Kang?
He's wanted by the police. isn't he?
Well. he got into the building.
so we're looking for him.
What?
You know. it's pretty late.
What are you doing here?
- I'm on call tonight.
- I see.
So everything's all right here?
Yes.
All right. then.
Keep your office door locked.
And don't come out until we find him.
Okay. I understand.
[Dosik] Choi. to the third floor.
Detective Oh! Is he not there?
Get to the fourth floor!
[footsteps departing]
[Dr. Cha exhales heavily]
Taeju. what on earth is happening?
I'll explain later.
Thank you.
So. about Ms. Ko…
Yeah. No. I didn't do it.
I'm looking for her right now.
I'm going to bring Seyun home.
Hold on.
All clear.
Mmm. Thanks.
[groans]
[breathing shakily]
CAMERA_42_2F EXIT HALLWAY
I see him going down
the second-floor emergency stairs.
but he is never seen coming out.
What about the first-floor entrance?
Just a second.
I checked both entrances.
but he's not seen exiting through them.
[sighs heavily]
Where the hell did he go?
How's the situation looking?
[Dosik] Oh. Dr. Choi.
We confirmed he went down
the second-floor emergency stairs.
but he was never seen exiting.
Could it be…
- [Dosik] Hey. Choi.
- Yes. sir.
- Go check that out.
Captain. it looks like
he went out through here.
[Dosik sighs]
Request backup to search the area.
And find out where he went.
- Copy that. Let's roll.
- Yes. sir.
- Come on.
- [footsteps approaching]
- Huh?
Oh. Dr. Ko.
Hey. Dr. Choi.
I heard Taeju broke into the hospital.
What is going on?
Looks like he went through
some patient files.
Patient files?
According to the logs.
he accessed medical records
in the chairwoman's office.
Chairwoman's office?
On Seyun's computer?
[Dosik] Yes.
He used her computer to access it.
Is there anything else?
Did he access anything else?
It looks like the medical records
were all he was after.
[exhales sharply]
I see.
Dr. Ko. is there anything
that you're worried about?
[stammers] Not at all.
I'm just worried
that confidential files might be leaked.
[chuckles] That's all I'm worried about.
Anyway. how are you still struggling
to catch a single intruder?
You lose him every time.
Do you realize how dangerous he is?
You have to get the bastard
to get my daughter back!
Yes. And we're doing our best.
We'll get him soon.
For crying out loud.
Ugh.
[breathes deeply]
[footsteps approaching]
Captain!
We got the medical record
access logs from the hospital.
Here are the patient records
Kang was looking at.
We have to check out
every single address on the list.
- Come on.
- Yes. sir.
[breathing heavily]
Over here!
Help me! Please!
Wait a second! Help me! Please!
Excuse me. Please help me.
- What's going on?
- Please help me.
Somebody's trying to kill me.
Please. just help me out. [panting]
- Just hop in. Get in from that side.
- Oh my gosh. thank you.
Are you okay?
Here. Wrap this around yourself.
Thank you so much.
- What is going on? Who did this to you?
- [breathes shakily]
I have no idea.
I mean. what exactly happened to you?
[sobs]
I was locked up.
What?
For days…
[sobbing] …I was tied up.
Geez. I don't know what to say.
You must've been terrified.
Let me take you to the hospital first.
There's one nearby with an ER.
No. don't.
Please go to the police station.
I have to report him first.
Okay. We'll go to the nearest precinct.
Do you want to make a call first?
Is there anyone you can call?
Oh. Yes.
Thank you so much.
Oh. dear. Your forehead's bleeding.
You can use this.
Thank you.
It really is a scary world out there.
Why would someone do such a thing?
Was the kidnapper just a total stranger?
Yeah.
I'd never seen him in my life.
Ah.
[chuckling] Wow.
I mean. that's just unbelievable.
How can someone be so horrible?
It's like something out of a movie.
I know.
I wish they'd die.
[sighs] I'm so hungry.
Those people should be killed.
Those disgusting vermin
don't deserve to live.
Ah. Gosh. I totally forgot.
You can use my phone.
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
- No. it's fine.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[sighs]
Seriously. I'm starving.
[winces. sniffles]
Maybe kimchi stew.
BABY ON BOARD
61K 9024
[groans]
[breathing shakily]
Hi. Ms. Ko.
How could you just take off
without saying bye?
You hurt my feelings.
Tell me.
Did you seriously think
you could get away?
You wanted to leave that badly?
[engine turns off]
[sighs]
- Let me show you a way out.
- [breathes shakily. yelps]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[exclaims]
[choking]
[Seyun coughing]
[music stops]
Honey. stop it.
[coughing]
[sighs] Why did you start without me?
I didn't give you permission.
- [Mr. Noh] She wanted out.
- [coughs]
[sighs] I get it. but now's not the time.
You can't be so impulsive about this.
Oh my. Look at you.
Are you okay?
- Thank goodness I came back in time.
- [gasps]
My husband has a short fuse.
You all right?
[sighs]
- [gasps]
- Now.
- Okay. Breathe. [inhales]
- [breathing heavily]
[exhales]
- Keep doing that.
- [breathing shakily]
Oh. you feeling any better?
Who the hell are you?
[chuckles] What do you mean? It's me.
Oh. Do you not recognize me?
Ah! [chuckles]
Shh!
Be quiet! You'll get us both in trouble!
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Oh.
[gasps]
[Seonja] Are you okay?
Are you hurt at all?
You must be pretty confused.
[Seyun] Who the hell are you?
Don't make loud noises.
You'll be in trouble.
[Seyun] What the hell are you saying?
Shh!
Be quiet!
You'll get us both in trouble!
Excuse me. what did you just say?
[Seonja] We'll get in trouble
with the guy who locked us up here.
[Seyun] Are you locked up
against your will too?
What the…
Damn it. I screwed up. [clicks tongue]
Hey. Seyun.
When you get out of here.
can you let the police know… [sniffles]
that Lee Seonja from Songmu-dong
died in this place? [sniffles]
[crying]
[whispers] Oh. for crying out loud.
[gasps]
Ms. Lee Seonja? [gasps]
Yeah. it's me. [chuckles]
Remember me now?
[laughs]
[music stops]
[sighs]
[♪ tense music playing]
SERVICE LOG
RESIDENT REGISTRATION CARD
HEO JAEIL
"Heo Jaeil."
RESIDENT REGISTRATION CARD
HEO JAEIL
[Mr. Noh] Well. I just happened to be
in the area. so I got here fast.
All right. we're moving out.
[Taeju] …and let's see
how you feel by then.
Okay. thank you.
[Taeju] No.
[breathing heavily]
Who are you people?
Have a seat.
[gasps] What is it that you want from me?
Why are you doing this to me?
You're not here
because we wanted you here.
What's that supposed to mean?
This is what your husband wanted.
You know this already.
Why do you keep acting dumb?
Honey.
Ms. Ko. I told you already.
Mr. Kang put me up to all of it.
No. that's a lie.
I don't believe you.
[laughs] You must be in denial. huh?
[chuckles]
Oh. my back.
[Taeju] But you know.
- there's a limit to how much you can lie.
- Here. Look.
- So I said we should get divorced.
- [cries]
But she said she didn't want to.
Well. she said she'd never do it.
[sighs]
But h-h-how could this be?
Who is this guy?
It can't be. [sighs]
[exclaims]
[crying]
[sobbing] Seyun…
Seyun…
I want you to get rid of my wife.
[Mr. Noh] What? What did you say?
[Taeju] Get rid of my wife.
Ms. Ko.
How does that make you feel?
[Seyun] I know this is fake.
There's no way he said anything like that.
I know you don't want to believe it.
But hey.
You already know
that your husband doesn't love you.
[Taeju] Let's put an end to this.
[Seyun] What?
I want a divorce.
Hey. are you crying? [chuckles]
Oh. no. She's crying.
Oh. no. Poor thing.
[Seonja cries]
[crying] Hold me.
[exhales]
PRINTER AND DIGITAL COPIER
RENTAL. SALES. AND REPAIR
[Mr. Noh] Okay. thank you.
All right. we're moving out.
They were colleagues.
April 17.
April 17…
"Heo. Noh."
"Heo…"
"Noh."
RESIDENT REGISTRATION CARD
NOH MANHUI
"Noh Manhui."
[♪ melancholic music playing]
Will you be my boyfriend?
[cheering. whooping]
Wow.
- Whoo! Go on. blow it out!
- Whoo! Come on! Blow it out!
[both cheer]
[Seyun] Good job!
One. two. three!
- Cheese!
- Cheese.
It's 21-5 Yangsan-ro.
- [music stops]
- [Seonja] Mmm.
- Here.
- [grunts. sighs]
[exhales sharply. chuckles]
- Hey. honey?
- Yeah?
Is this it?
What?
Nothing. it's just…
Did you want grilled ribs or something
after you blew three billion?
We had ribs?
You don't have to eat. you know.
I never said I didn't want to eat.
You know…
I checked out the garden out back.
and the whole thing's frozen solid.
Already?
It probably won't thaw until March.
Seriously? That's so far away.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
The freezer's packed.
What if we chop them up real small?
I said it's packed.
[phone buzzes]
Who is it?
And by the way.
we might want to air out the basement.
Does it still smell?
I said I'm sensitive to smell.
But I've already aired it out.
You probably didn't do it properly.
Mmm.
Okay. I'll pick up some bleach.
No way. Don't use bleach.
Geez. you don't let me do anything.
It stinks even more when the smells mix.
I've already told you.
Okay. fine. I'll take care of it.
- I'll pick up some peroxide or something.
- Yeah. there you go. hmm?
- Hurry. or you'll be late.
- Okay.
You like these. Have some more.
Thanks. [chuckles]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Sat Nav chimes]
[Sat Nav automated voice]
You will soon arrive at your destination.
JANG DOSIK
SEONGJIN POLICE STATION
MESSAGES
[gate creaks]
[footsteps approaching]
[branch cracks]
Oh my God. [gasps]
Is Noh Manhui home?
Wait. wha-what are you talking about?
[screams]
I'm asking. Is your husband home?
No. H-He's not home right now.
And my wife?
Where's my wife?
- Who are you talking abou--
- My wife. Ko Seyun!
Where are you keeping her?
I don't know. I don't know anything.
[exclaims] Wait! I really have no idea!
I don't know anything about that. Please!
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
INCOMING CALL
MY BABY
Hey. honey.
[Seonja] Sweetie.
Hey. what's wrong?
[Taeju] Mr. Noh.
It's me. Kang Taeju.
Mr. Kang?
Noh Manhui. I finally got your name.
What are you doing there?
Sweetie. he's got a re-real gu-gun on him.
Wait. I…
Look. Just hold on a moment.
I'm making my way there now.
If we could just talk…
Honey! No!
Oh. no! No!
Honey. are you shot?
Next time. she will be.
[Seonja] Noh Manhui!
This man is literally holding a gun
to my head right now.
You hear me?
[screams]
Mr. Kang! Please. Mr. Kang!
Please don't do this! [whimpers]
Talk.
Where is my wife?
- Honey.
Seyun. are you okay?
Are you hurt anywhere?
It's all over now. Let's go home.
We have to get out of here.
You think you can walk?
Don't touch me.
Keep your hands off me.
What's wrong?
How could you do this to me?
What do you mean?
I saw the video.
Where you tell that guy to kill me.
Oh. that?
That's a huge misunderstanding.
I can explain everything.
but right now. we have to get out of here.
We'll talk once we're out. okay? I'll…
No!
We don't have time for this right now!
Please.
We have to get the hell out of here!
Seyun.
Seyun. you have to believe me.
That video. It's all a misunderstanding.
I can explain all of it.
Seyun.
I'm telling you the truth.
Please.
Please just believe me.
- [footsteps approach]
- [Seyun screams]
Honey!
Mr. Kang. What are you doing here?
[grunts]
[gasps] No!
Goddamn it!
[Manhui grunts. pants]
[grunts]
- [metal clangs]
- [gasps]
- [yelps]
- [grunts]
[both grunting]
[shrieks]
[metal clangs]
[Seyun grunting]
- [Seonja grunting]
- [Seyun exclaims]
- [Seonja screams]
- [gasps]
[Seonja continues screaming]
- Taeju!
- Oh. honey!
Honey!
Are you okay? Look at me. You okay?
[screams]
[groaning]
- [panting] Honey. look at me.
- [footsteps running]
Go after them already.
I said. are you okay?
Noh Manhui!
Chase them down and kill them!
- [exclaims. pants]
- [grunts]
- [heaving]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Are you okay?
Yeah.
We're going to get out of here.
And I'll clear up this misunderstanding.
You just need to trust me.
[♪ somber music playing]
[groans. gasps]
Se-Se-Seyun.
Seyun? Seyun.
Seyun!
[straining]
Seyun.
Seyun. come on.
Seyun. Come on. Please.
Seyun.
- Seyun. can you hear me?
- [groans]
Hey. are you okay?
Let's go. Come on. Seyun.
Honey.
[gasps] Look out!
THE HUSBAND
[♪ closing theme song playing]
- Seyun!
- [Hyeonsu] Don't move!
[detective] Stop right there!
[through radio] We've lost the suspect.
Also. we've located a female
inside the suspect's residence…
[Taeju] Her legs will be
permanently paralyzed
if she doesn't get surgery right now.
She may even die.
[Dr. Ko] So you're asking to have her
operated on at our hospital?
That criminal?
[detective] What's this guy's deal?
[Manhui] You messed with the wrong person.
I will not let that surgery happen. Never!
[Taeju] I'm doing this surgery.
[Seyun] I want the truth.
I want to know why they kidnapped me.
[Taeju] I'll operate on you.
Don't worry. I'm a doctor.
Translated by Hyun Sik Yoon
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm